[You] raise your hand if you know the answer.
[You] raise your arms above your head.
He raised his head and looked around.
They raised a flagpole in the quadrangle.
I carefully raised her to a sitting position.
She raised herself onto her knees.
He slowly raised himself up off the floor.
The men raised up the barn's walls with pulleys.
Our landlord is raising the rent.
The store is raising its prices.
The governor wants to raise the minimum wage.
She needs to raise her game in the play-offs.
The organization is raising money to help the hurricane victims.
The students are raising money for their school.
The rebels were able to raise an army quickly.
The issue of money was never raised by anyone.
I'm sorry that I have to raise this subject, but we can't ignore it any longer.
The book raises many questions about our biological origins.
The discovery raises the possibility of a cure for the disease.
The news raised hopes for peace.
The news raised fears of war.
Her comment raised a few smiles/laughs.
He was so tired he could barely raise a smile.
A passerby saw the intruders and raised  the alarm.
The audience raised a cheer at the end of the speech.
Some people are raising a fuss about the proposed tax.
We have raised two wonderful girls.
They have raised their children to be well-mannered.
She was raised by her grandparents.
He was raised (as) a Baptist.
My dad was raised on a farm.
Some kids are raised on (a diet of) junk food.
This is a wonderful place to raise a family.
He raises chickens on his farm.
They're raising corn this year.
He claimed that he could raise people from the dead.
That noise is loud enough to raise the dead.
They raised the siege.
The city has temporarily raised its ban on smoking in bars.
The city raised a monument in his honor.
[You] raise two to the fourth power.
We tried to raise him on the radio, but we couldn't get through.
I'll match that bet and raise you five.
[You] raise your glass.
She raised an eyebrow.
Don't you raise your voice at me!
The baby is sleeping, so try not to raise your voice.
Many people raised their voices in protest.
He raised his hand to wave.
She went to the window and raised the blinds.
Milton raised the glass to his lips.
They had raised the white flag in surrender.
At midnight, the German flag will be raised over the Reichstag.
He raised himself into a sitting position.
She raised herself on one elbow.
The Republic of Ireland is expected to raise interest rates.
Two incidents in recent days have raised the level of concern.
Don't you raise your voice to me, Henry Rollins!
Anne raised her voice in order to be heard.
All funds raised will be used by Children With Leukaemia.
They raised the money to buy the house and two hundred acres of grounds.
The agreement has raised hopes that the war may end soon.
The accident again raises questions about the safety of the plant.
The debate was not long but all the issues were raised.
He had been consulted and had raised no objections.
My mother was an amazing woman. She raised four of us kids virtually singlehandedly.
He raises 2,000 acres of wheat and hay.
Tonight is all about raising money and awareness for veterans worldwide.
We just have to find a different way to raise the money.
Vertical introductions are rarely a way of raising prices.
The move has raised hopes it could boost investor payouts and launch share buybacks.
But his comments raise some interesting questions.
Now two petitions have raised enough for her.
You can reduce the neck twist by raising one side of your body with a pillow.
It also raises the longstanding dilemma of whether gorillas should be in captivity at all.
Their disappearances have sent a shiver through liberal civil society and raised fears of a sinister new crackdown.
The fog was now thinning, and the crew raised two flags.
He says he plans to appeal in a bid to get it raised to five games.
Used to be my chemistry teacher before he needed to raise money for medical bills.
The move will raise fears over safety by having more women in the frontline.
The solutions suggested yesterday raise as many questions as they do answers.
She bore him two sons and raised his eldest.
This raises the question of when one will overtake the other.
The result is an extraordinarily eclectic mixture that has drawn applause but also raised a few eyebrows.
The red flags were raised some time ago.
You meet where cash is being raised for good causes.
You can do your bit to raise awareness by watching.
Now she was trying to raise money to set up an arts project.
The move raises the prospect that motorists could face fines for overtaking too close to cyclists.
The new emphasis on conventional warfare has also raised questions about political control of conflict.
No one thought to raise the matter of the financial crisis.
Clearly the forensic issues raised will cause us to look at other cases.
You discover the showbiz side of your personality when friends get together to raise money for a charity.
More recently there have been a number of stories raising concern about what is happening in Iran.
This autumn the big six suppliers have raised their prices by an average of 9.1 per cent.
Sources in both companies moved to damp down fears raised by British trade unions.
The companies involved will increase the number of four-star hotels and raise the price of overnight stays.
It has raised some questions about some client conflict, where competing brands are run by the same agency.
I can raise the baby...
It looks like a fine place to raise children.
A major success helped raise our spirits.
They're into the arts, and charities to raise money for our war.
I would raise Elisabeth's child.
I don't want to raise an only child.
We raise children to play with war toys.
He laughed, the rumble of his chest causing her to raise her head.
Does eating eggs raise a person's cholesterol?
Jackson continued to scream Elisabeth's name with abject terror as she struggled to raise her head.
You must have had a rough time trying to raise her.
He was determined to raise the fallen fortunes of his country.
He contributed largely to raise troops in 1777 to meet Burgoyne; and he served as a captain at Bennington and at Saratoga.
Tell them it would be foolish for me to eat the piglet, because I had sense enough to know it would raise a row if I did.
But fuller conceptions of evolution raise further difficulties for intuitionalism in its wonted forms.
The investigation of these may raise interesting physiological problems.
Tutors are able to raise the standard of an average student to the 98th percentile.
The wheels raise a prodigious amount of water.
His main object was to raise the prestige of Russia by undoing the results of the Crimean War, and it may fairly be said that he in great measure succeeded.
In certain circumstances, too, the emperor reserves the right to raise fresh loans.
The amount of capital which parliament authorized railway companies to raise was about 42 millions.
The wind is raising clouds of dust.
Phelim was compelled by Ormonde to raise the siege in April 1642.
Various historical events had tended to raise the position of the Temple, although Israel itself, as also Judah, had famous sanctuaries of its own.
It is unlawful for a corporation to raise or lower the price of an article with the intention of injuring a competitor.
But Henry VII.'s accumulations had disappeared; parliament resisted in 1523 the imposition of new taxation; and the attempts to raise forced loans and benevolences in1526-1528created a storm of opposition.
This was unjust to the many men who were working, not without success, to raise the Republic out of its many difficulties.
Green was thus driven, not theoretically, but as a practical necessity, to raise again the whole question of man in relation to nature.
Yoshamin desired to raise himself above the Primal Light, but failed in the attempt, and was punished by removal out of the pure aetherial world into that of inferior light.
Aungervyle accompanied him to Coblenz to his meeting with the emperor Louis IV., and in the next year was sent to England to raise money.
The villages are built on artificial mounds of earth, so as to raise them above the flood-level.
The Indians in part of Guatemala raise cotton, although the boll weevil is abundant.
Special interest attaches to experiments made in the United States to endeavour to raise races of cotton resistant to the boll weevil.
A flow of oil may often be induced in a well which would otherwise require to be pumped, by preventing the escape of gas which issues with the oil, and causing its pressure to raise the oil.
In the article Thermodynamics it is shown that the amount of heat required to raise a given weight of a gas through a certain range of temperature is different according as the gas is maintained at constant pressure, the volume in creasing, or at constant volume, the pressure increasing.
No doubt of the Pauline authorship was expressed in ancient times; nor is there any lack of early use by writers who make no direct quotation, to raise doubts as to the genuineness of the epistle.
They agreed to raise an annual sum of £200 for the expenses of their commonwealth; they assigned their governor a salary of £20; they prohibited the sale of ardent spirits to the Indians and imprisonment for debt.
That eminent scholars both in the synagogue and in the church should have been induced to believe in its antiquity is owing to the fact that the Zohar embodies many older opinions and doctrines, and the undoubted antiquity of some of them has served as a lever in the minds of these scholars to raise the late speculations about the En Soph, the Sephiroth, &c., to the same age.
The cultivators are bound to deposit the whole of the tobacco crops which they raise in any one year in the entrepots of the regie before the month of August of the year following.
He had determined to move eastward to St Dizier, rally what garrisons he could find, and raise the whole country against the invaders, and had actually started on the execution of this plan when his instructions fell into the enemy's hands and his projects were exposed.
Since that period it has remained nominally a part of the Turkish empire; but with the decline of Turkish power, and the general disintegration of the empire, in the first half of the 18th century, a then governor-general, Ahmed Pasha, made it an independent pashalic. Nadir Shah, the able and energetic usurper of the Persian throne, attempting to annex the province once more to Persia, besieged the city, but Ahmed defended it with such courage that the invader was compelled to raise the siege, after suffering great loss.
There was a less violent street car strike in 1908, after the assumption of control by the Municipal Traction Company, which refused to raise wages according to promises made (so the employees said) by the former owner of the railway; the strikers were unsuccessful.
The new Kuhwarderbasin, on the left bank of the river, as well as two other large dock basins (now leased to the Hamburg-American Company), raise the number of basins to twelve in all.
A Roman named' Maximus took advantage of this feeling to raise the standard of revolt in Britain and invaded Gaul with a large army, upon which Gratian, who was then in Paris, being deserted by his troops, fled to Lyons, where, through the treachery of the governor, he was delivered over to one of the rebel generals and assassinated on.
If, instead of using a single Daniell's cell, we employ some source of electromotive force which can be varied as we please, and gradually raise its intensity, we shall find that, when it exceeds a certain value, about 1.7 volt, a permanent current of considerable strength flows through the solution, and, after the initial period, shows no signs of decrease.
An Act of Assembly of 1753 declares pactions simoniacal whereby a minister or probationer before presentation and as a means of obtaining it bargains not to raise a process of augmentation of stipend or demand reparation or enlargement of his manse or glebe after induction.
We hope to raise awareness of the many guinea pigs waiting for permanent loving homes.
An event was held some weeks ago at Dave Courtney's pub to raise the money for the new headstone.
A drop or raise in baby's heartbeat will alert your midwife to watch you closely.
Ross MacGibbon's style is not histrionic; he does not raise the temperature among his colleagues in the way that directors sometimes can.
Federal pay raise doesn't always take sells auto homeowners.
But to sell it as professional assistance is to raise false hopes and ultimately to mock.
Tea at Three is a new nation-wide event to raise money for hospice care, co-ordinated by national hospice charity Help the Hospices.
If it was available south of the border, that would raise a hue and cry.
Urease breaks down urea to form ammonia and free hydrogen ions which raise the pH of the urine making it alkaline.
The new book was a brave attempt to raise the quality of English hymnody.
The Public Records Acts 1958 & 1967 raise no legal impediment to charging for access to public records.
Wyevale Garden Centers aim to raise over £ 60000 for Breast Cancer Care through a variety of fundraising initiatives.
Methodological issues raise by the evaluation of crime prevention initiatives will also be assessed.
He also continues to raise substantial sums for the purchase of fine stringed instruments for top UK-based players.
Phase II restoring the interior looms ahead with the need to raise more finance.
In an LLC, you do not issue stocks to raise funds, or revenue for capital investment.
Sites that repeat the Flash intro each time the same user visits the home page raise the ire of most web users.
Service bays they are not insured auto insurance jersey new online some states license to raise your premiums.
The invention of tradition This seems a good juncture at which to raise three general issues.
In SI units the specific heat capacity is the amount of heat required to raise 1 kg mass through 1 degree Kelvin.
The Fan Mate has a small rotary knob which can be turned in either direction, to raise or lower the fan speed.
I used it to raise last years baby koi.
My specialty is the silkies, but we also raise light sussex, brown leghorns, standard cochins, frizzles, and old english.
Whenever a river floods, it has a tendency to raise a levee beside its banks.
New recruits Train children to become school librarians to raise the profile of reading in the school library.
It has a potent effect in lowering LDL and it also appears to raise high-density lipoproteins (HDL ).
Try performing a lunge with a curl, or lateral raise.
Your roots How to raise magnificent magnolias, and where to see them.
Issues of this kind raise more general ones about the future of scientific discourse in an electronically mediated world.
In 1988, English Heritage did not raise an objection to the bypass in relation to the castle.
In either case, I scarcely need say, she would be hard put to raise any principled objection to Stalin or Hitler.
Field studies can also raise ethical concerns, even when these are only observational.
Mr Munson had agreed to undergo the ordeal to raise funds for the Jeans for Genes appeal.
They joined other Band Service members on an expedition up Mont Blanc to raise money for the Five Star Scanner Appeal.
The club also organize local outings for its members paid for by the money they raise locally.
Each parish had overseers who could levy a poor rate to raise money to give to the poor.
Along with her husband, she organized pageants in the village to raise funds in order to start a museum.
We are therefore looking to raise £ 100 each toward the purchase of these animals and would welcome any contributions parishioners can make.
The lever to lower and raise the periscope can be seen just above the letter ' p ' .
Intel Core Duo and iLife '06 raise the bar again of what makes a personal computer so personal.
Crossing to the mainland, he tried in vain to raise the clans, and on the 27th of April he was surprised and routed at Carbiesdale in Ross-shire.
On the breaking out of the Rye House Plot, of which neither he, Essex, nor Sidney had the slightest knowledge, he was accused by informers of promising his assistance to raise an insurrection and compass the death of the king.
Oxe died on the 24th of October 1575, after contributing, more than any other statesman of his day, to raise Denmark for a brief period to the rank of a great power.
The English under Lord Lake captured the fort of Dig and besieged Bharatpur, but were compelled to raise the siege after four attempts at storming.
Mort's dock, another large dry dock, is at Mort's Bay, Balmain, while there are five floating docks with a combined lifting power of 3895 tons, and the three patent slips in Mort's Bay can raise between them 3040 tons.
The majority of these services are, since 1910, managed by the Union Government, but the provincial council has power to levy direct taxation, and (with the consent of the Union Government) to raise loans for purely provincial purposes.
He was empowered by the volksraad to raise £300,000, but with great difficulty he obtained in Holland the sum of £90,000 only, and that at a high rate of interest.
In spite of all this, after fighting obstinately both by land and by water, the Danes had to raise the siege of London and take the ships to the river Orwell.
If, for a twocompartment shaft, a pair of drums (or a single wide drum) be keyed to the engine shaft, with the ropes wound in opposite directions, the hoisting is " in balance," that is, the cages and cars counterbalance each other, so that the engine has to raise only the useful load of mineral, plus the rope.
Taking into account the risk attending all mining operations, which make necessary large interest and amortization charges on the cost of a tunnel, it will in most cases be advisable to raise the water to the surface by mechanical means.
This type of pump is, however, not very efficient, for there is not only leakage about the valves and between the piston and cylinder, but at a certain degree of exhaust the air within the vessel is insufficient to raise the inlet valve; this last defect has been met in some measure by using an extension of the piston to open and close the valve.
The use of multiple-effect evaporation made it possible to raise the steam for all the work required to be done in a well-equipped factory, making crystals, under skilful management, by means of the bagasse alone proceeding from the.
It holds water well and is consequently cold, needing the application of much heat to raise its temperature.
No attempt should ever be made to raise large crops of tobacco from imported seed, but only a small crop, and the seed of the selected plants should be used for future propagation.
The furrow wheels are placed on inclined axles, the plough beam being carried on swing links, operated by a hand lever when it is necessary to raise the plough out of the furrow.
According to native report, the gorillas sleep on these beds, which are of sufficient thickness to raise them a foot or two above the ground, in a sitting posture, with the head inclined forwards on the breast.
Accra, the first town in the Gold Coast colony to be raised (July 1, 1896) to the rank of a municipality, is governed by a town council with power to raise and spend money.
Both components come over in a constant proportion until one disappears; it is then necessary to raise the temperature in order to distil the residue.
Patches of land, chiefly around the coast, have been laid under rice, sweet potatoes and yams, but the island is hardly able to raise a home-supply of vegetables.
In the course of his inquiries he also noticed that different bodies in equal masses require different amounts of heat to raise them to the same temperature, and so founded the doctrine of specific heats; he also showed that equal additions or abstractions of heat produced equal variations of bulk in the liquid of his thermometers.
We shall now briefly describe Comte's principal conceptions in sociology, his position in respect to which is held by himself, and by others, to raise him to the level of Descartes or Leibnitz.
The Athenians under Chares suffered a severe defeat from Amyntas, the Macedonian admiral, but in the following year gained a decisive victory under Phocion and compelled Philip to raise the siege.
Recent criticism, however, has tended very much to raise their value by tracing out their wide and far-reaching influence.
In the absence of higher authority Porter sanctioned on his own responsibility the request of Missouri Unionists for permission to raise troops, a step which had an important influence upon the struggle for the possession of the state.
The college meets with strong support from the enlightened portion of the Mussulman community, whose aim is to raise it to the status of a university, with the power of conferring degrees.
Some snakes can raise the anterior part of their body and even move in this attitude, but it is only about the anterior fourth or third of the total length which can be thus erected.
The quantity of electricity which must be given to the sphere to raise it to unit potential is therefore R electrostatic units.
The capacity of a conductor is defined to be the charge required to raise its potential to unity, all other charged conductors being at an infinite distance.
The whole quantity of heat required to raise the temperature from 0" to 0' at constant pressure along the path EC is H+h, which is equal to S(0' - o"), where S is the specific heat at constant pressure.
To find the total heat of a substance in any given state defined by the values of p and 0, starting from any convenient zero of temperature, it is sufficient to measure the total heat required to raise the substance to the final temperature under a constant pressure equal to p. For instance, in the boiler of a steam engine the feed water is pumped into the boiler against the final pressure of the steam, and is heated under this constant pressure up to the temperature of the steam.
He did much to raise the falling fortunes of his house, but died at the age of thirty-one.
In the jungles the Marias, who are among the aboriginal tribes of Gond origin, raise kosra (Panicum italicum) and other inferior grains.
To raise funds for this he was betrothed to Philippa, daughter of the count of Hainaut.
There is perpetual action and reaction between picture and myth; and a legislator desiring to purify and raise his countrymen's religion must devote no less attention to their plastic art than to their hymnology.
He helped to raise the first siege of Missolonghi in 1823, and did his best to save the town in the second siege in 1826.
He took a share in the unsuccessful attempts to raise the siege of Athens in 1827, and made an effort to prevent the disastrous massacre of the Turkish garrison of fort S Spiridion.
The administration of the navy, called upon as it was to deal with a war of unprecedented magnitude, was overtaxed by the obligation to refit ships, raise crews, and provide for the numerous sick or wounded.
At the same time the men of Zealand repulsed a French raid from Ath on Ardenburg, and this infraction of the neutrality of the Spanish Netherlands served but to raise up another enemy for Louis.
She helped to raise Buckingham to power in the place of Somerset, maintained friendly relations with him, and approved of his guidance and control of the king.
He went to the West in 1236, visited Rome, France and Flanders, trying to raise money and men to recover the lost territory of his realm.
Charlemagne then made an expedition to Italy (Enfances Ogier in the Venetian Charlemagne, and the first part of the Chevalerie Ogier de Dannemarche by Raimbert of Paris, 12th century) to raise the siege of Rome, which was besieged by the Saracen emir Corsuble.
He was, however, detailed to raise a new corps, and later was placed in charge of the "Middle Division."
In the United States and Scotland rectangular pits secured by timber framings are still common, but the tendency the pressure being reduced to that of the external atmosphere when it is desired to open the upper door, and increased to that of the working space below when it is intended to communicate with the sinkers, or to raise the stuff broken in the bottom.
Twice he obliged the Carlists to raise the siege of Bilbao before he was appointed commander-in-chief of the northern army on the r7th of September 1836, when the tide of war seemed to be setting in favour of the pretender in the Basque provinces and Navarre, though Don Carlos had lost his ablest lieutenant, the Basque Zumalacarregui.
In November 1836 he again forced the Carlists to raise the siege of Bilbao.
The advantages compared with a tangent sight are that only half the movement is required to raise the sight for any particular range; the ranges on the drum are easier to read, and if necessary can be set by another man, so that the layer need not take his eye from the telescope.
This act appropriated £ 20,000 annually for five years for the establishment and maintenance of elementary schools, required each city and town to raise by taxation a sum for the same purpose equal to onehalf of its share from the proceeds of the state fund, and provided for the election of school commissioners in each town and of trustees of each school.
They raise rather more than a million a year by rates, licence fees and dues.
Hence his scorn of the doctrine of the resurrection of the body held then in a very crude form, and his ridicule of any attempt to raise the vulgar masses from their degradation.
The outbreak of the World War compelled the bank to raise its rate on July 27 1914 from 4 to 5%, on July 31 to 6% and on Aug.
There is a want of depth in Christian experience, in the power of realizing relative spiritual values in the light of the master principle involved in the distinctively Christian consciousness, such as could raise Clement above a verbal eclecticism, rather than comprehensiveness, in the use of Apostolic language.
Her uncle considered that she ought to be kept as long as possible from the knowledge of her position, which might raise a large growth of pride or vanity in her and make her unmanageable; so Victoria was twelve years old before she knew that she was to wear a crown.
The outcome has been to raise the dignity of the calling, to induce persons of a superior class to adopt it in increasing numbers, to enlarge the demand for their services, and to multiply the means of educating them.
The skin disease he had contracted in the subterranean haunts was rapidly closing his life; he could only ease his pain by sitting in a warm bath, where he wrote his journal; and accused the Girondins, who were trying to raise France against Paris.
Here he was detained until, on the 11th of December, he was forced to raise the siege and retire northwards.
On the breaking out of the Dutch war, Sidney, who was at the Hague, urged an invasion of England, and shortly afterwards went to Paris, where he offered to raise a rebellion in England on receipt of 10o,000 crowns.
Much of its surface has had to be filled in to raise it above high tide, but Castle Point, in the N.E., rises from the generally low level about Too ft.
Mary had to undertake not to declare war, make peace, or raise taxes without the consent of the States, and not to employ any but natives in official posts.
The matter seemed involved in mystery, and no one attempted to raise the veil which hung over the subject of embryogeny.
The use of slave labour, and the application of the corvee system to natives who were nominally free, enabled the company to lower the cost of production, while the absence of competition enabled it to raise prices.
In the years of conflict that followed Gregory looked far beyond this point; he set his aim ever higher; until, in the end, his idea was to concentrate all ecclesiastical power in the hands of the pope, and to raise the papacy to the dominion of the world.
A liberal and a corrservative theology (rationalist and orthodox) exist side by side within the churches, and while the latter clings to the theology of the 16th century, the former ventures to raise doubts about the truth of such a common and simple standard as the Apostles' Creed.
The Tungani troops in Yarkand rose, and (Toth of August 1863)massacred some seven thousand Chinese, while the inhabitants of Kashgar, rising in their turn against their masters, invoked the aid of Sadik Beg, a Kirghiz chief, who was reinforced by Buzurg Khan, the heir of Jahanghir, and Yakub Beg, his general, these being despatched at Sadik's request by the ruler of Khokand to raise what troops they could to aid his Mahommedan friends in Kashgar.
In foreign affairs a policy of drift prevailed which encouraged all the enemies of the Republic to raise their heads, while the dependent states of Prussia in the north and Moldavia in the south made strenuous efforts to break away from Poland.
In consequence of this law the great lords were compelled to put forces in the field proportioned to their enormous fortunes, and Sigismund was able in 1529 to raise 300 foot and 3200 horse from the province of Podolia alone.
At least 40,000 men were necessary for the purpose, and these could have been obtained for 200,000 ducats; but a congress of magnates, whose collective fortunes amounted to hundreds of millions, having decided that it was impossible to raise this sum, there was nothing for it but to fight a few skirmishes and then take refuge abroad.
These beautiful elegies have been justly praised by Mickiewicz; they are enough to raise Kochanowski far above the level of a merely artificial poet.
On the loss of his recently made fleet and forts on ..he western coast, Hyder Ali now offered overtures for peace; on the rejection of these, bringing all his resources and strategy into play, he forced Colonel Smith to raise the siege of Bangalore, and brought his army within 5 m.
Warren Hastings sent from Bengal Sir Eyre Coote, who, though repulsed at Chidambaram, defeated Hyder thrice successively in the battles of Porto Novo, Pollilur and Sholingarh, while Tippoo was forced to raise the siege of Wandiwash, ana Vellore was provisioned.
After the death of Alexius, he refused to enter into the conspiracy set on foot by his mother-in-law and wife to depose John, the son of Alexius, and raise himself to the throne.
Much of his time after 1868 was spent in the Northern and Eastern states, whither he went to raise funds for the Institute.
The Southerners undeniably rested on their laurels, and enabled McClellan, who was now called to the chief military command at Washington, to raise, organize and train the famous Army of the Potomac, which, in defeat and victory, won its reputation as one of the finest armies of modern history.
Chernayev summoning him to evacuate the country, and threatening to raise all the faithful against him.
In November 1908 the lawlessness subsided in the Burley after the agreement of the American Tobacco Company to purchase the remainder of the 1906 crop at a " round " price of 202 cents and a part of the 1907 crop at an average price of 17 cents, thus making it profitable to raise a full crop in 1909.
On the 9th of January 1865 he spoke at a public meeting in Boston to raise funds for the southern poor in Savannah.
There is one other question which we are called upon to raise here.
Caesar first besieged and took Avaricum, whose occupants were massacred, and then invested Gergovia (near the Puy-de-Dome), the capital of the Arverni, but suffered a severe repulse and was forced to raise the siege.
We can account for this only by emphasizing the fact that the form of Caesar's government became as time went on more undisguised in its absolutism, while the honours conferred upon him seemed designed to raise him above the rest of humanity.
Then came the long, firm rule of Porfirio Diaz, who first broke up the organizations of bandits that infested the country, and then sought to raise Mexico from the state of discredit and disorganization into which it had fallen.
Diaz's attempt to raise the north, however, failed, and, trying to reach Vera Cruz by sea,.
Mahmud's failure at Ajmere, when the brave raja Bisal-deo, obliged him to raise the siege but was himself slain, was when the Moslem army was on its way to Somnath.
Frequently they raise themselves by standing on their hind-legs with the fore-feet resting against the trunk of the tree on which they are feeding.
To trot, press the legs to the saddle, and raise the bridle hand a little, and, after a moment's sitting close, begin to rise ("pose") in cadence with the action of the horse.
These uncertainties raise a greater one of much significance, viz.
The ordinary duties of these committees are to raise and spend money for electioneering and otherwise in the interests of the party, to organize meetings, to look after the press, to attend to the admission of immigrants or new-comers as voters; and generally to attract and enrol recruits in the party forces.
During1812-1834a royalty of 121 cents was charged to raise funds for building canals (a rebate being granted in the last three years covering the entire amount of the royalty for these years).
They, however, block up the river channel to the extent of their height, and consequently raise the flood-level above them.
The helots were state slaves bound to the soil- adscripti glebae - and assigned to individual Spartiates to till their holdings (icXi pot); their masters could neither emancipate them nor sell them off the land, and they were under an oath not to raise the rent payable yearly in kind by the helots.
Here he worked diligently at practical reforms, being specially anxious to raise the standard of clerical life and work.
The result was to attract to the town a considerable commercial community and to raise its social status.
This feat so pleased the commanderin-chief that he empowered him to raise a regiment of 2000 irregular horse, which became known to fame as Hodson's Horse, and placed him at the head of the Intelligence Department.
He was the chief representative of his countrymen in the peace negotiations of 1902, after which, with de Wet and de la Rey, he visited Europe in order to raise funds to enable the Boers to resume their former avocations.
They professed to raise spirits by incantation; and Kelly dictated the utterances to Dee, who wrote them down and interpreted them.
He was, however, compelled by sickness among his troops to raise the siege of Paris, and on the return journey the rearguard of his army was destroyed and the baggage seized by the French.
Then followed an interval of wars during which the Pacifists were unable to raise their voices.
On the rock of a human character, ennobled by faith in his divine Sonship, he could raise the church of the future, which should be at the same time continuous with the old, new in spiritual power, one in worship and in work.
In 1589 he obtained in Geneva and Berne sums sufficient to raise an army of mercenaries for Henry III., partly by the sale of jewels, among them the "Sancy" diamond which in 1835 found its way to the Russian imperial treasure, and partly by leading the Swiss to suppose that the troops were intended for serious war against Savoy.
It is admitted by Origen in his reply to Celsus (p. 389), who has charged the Christians with being a secret society " because they forbid to build temples, to raise altars."
By it he became the first to raise a barbarian tongue to the dignity of a literary language; and the skill, knowledge and adaptive ability it displays make it the crowning testimony of his powers as well as.
The opposition were determined to raise debates in the House of Commons on the fiscal question, and Mr Balfour was no less determined not to be caught in their trap. These tactics of avoidance reached their culminating point when on one occasion Mr Balfour and his supporters left the House and allowed a motion hostile to tariff reform to be passed nem.
To raise money offices were systematically sold, and issue after issue of the two kinds of monti-securities, which may be roughly described as government bonds and as life annuities, was marketed at ruinous rates.
His son and successor Muni tsan-po, being .determined to raise all his subjects to the same level, enacted that there should be no distinction between poor and rich, humble and great.
The loss in the solution bulbs gives the mass of solvent absorbed from the solution, and the loss in the solvent bulbs the additional mass required to raise the vapour pressure in the air-current to equilibrium with the pure solvent.
The solution then freezes, until the heat liberated is enough to raise the tern perature to the point of equilibrium given by the tendency of the solution taken in contact with ice to approach the true freezing point on one side and the temperature of the enclosure on the other.
Cereals, cotton, tobacco, rice and silk are produced, but most of the fertile lands have been abandoned to semi-nomads, who raise large quantities of live stock.
To facilitate this mechanical lifting, gear is provided which is readily controlled, and can raise or lower the periscope at a speed approaching 25 ft.
It must, however, be remembered in Henry's favour, that the supporters of the princes, both in England and in the foreign provinces, were animated by resentment against the soundest features of the king's administration; and that, in the rebellion of 1173, he received from the English commons such hearty support that any further attempt to raise a rebellion in England was considered hopeless.
In his extremity Christian now formed an alliance with Sweden (1st of January 1628), whereby Gustavus Adolphus pledged himself to assist Denmark with a fleet in case of need, and shortly afterwards a Swedo-Danish army and fleet compelled Wallenstein to raise the siege of Stralsund.
When disturbed the soles raise this black fin and, as a rule, hold it rigid so that it becomes a very conspicuous object.
It was his function also to display and guard in battle the banner of the baron or banneret or the pennon of the knight he served, to raise him from the ground if he were unhorsed, to supply him with another or his own horse if his was disabled or killed, to receive and keep any prisoners he might take, to fight by his side if he was unequally matched, to rescue him if captured, to bear him to a place of safety if wounded, and to bury him honourably when dead.
Educated as a Catholic by his mother, he was on the death of Stephen Bathory elected king of Poland (August 19, 1587) chiefly through the efforts of the Polish chancellor, Jan Zamoyski, and of his own aunt, Anne, queen-dowager of Poland, who lent the chancellor 10o,000 gulden to raise troops in defence of her nephew's cause.
From thence they returned to Edinburgh on the 28th of March, guarded by two thousand horsemen under the command of Bothwell, who had escaped from Holyrood on the night of the murder, to raise a force on the queen's behalf with his usual soldierly promptitude.
This plan was but part of a scheme including the invasion of England by her kinsman the duke of Guise, who was to land in the north and raise a Scottish army to place the released prisoner of Sheffield beside her son on the throne of Elizabeth.
The shameless profligacy of the emperor's life was such as to shock even a Roman public. His popularity with the army declined, and Maesa, perceiving that the soldiers were in favour of Alexander Severus, persuaded Heliogabalus to raise his cousin to the dignity of Caesar (221), a step of which he soon repented.
The Stem and its' subdivisions or branches raise to the light and air the leaves and flowers, serve as channels for the passage to them of fluids from the roots, and act as reservoirs for nutritive substances.
If intended to raise the temperature of the structure, they should be set on iron or brick supports just clear of walls, earth or other heatabsorbing bodies.
Ventilate but little, and with care; raise the ventilating sash only high enough to let the heated air from the greenhouse drive back the outer air so as not to chill the plants.
Montgelas' ambition was now to raise Bavaria to the rank of a first-rate power, and he pursued this object during the Napoleonic epoch with consummate skill, allowing fully for the preponderance of France - so long as it lasted - but never permitting Bavaria to sink, like so many of the states of the confederation of the Rhine, into a mere French dependency.
In 1856 Bessemer not only invented his extraordinary process of making the heat developed by the rapid oxidation of the impurities in pig iron raise the temperature above the exalted melting-point of the resultant purified steel, but also made it widely known that this steel was a very valuable substance.
If by pre-heating the blast we add to the sum of the heat available; or if by drying it we subtract from the work to be done by that heat the quantity needed for decomposing the atmospheric moisture; or if by removing part of its nitrogen we lessen the mass over which the heat developed has to be spread - if by any of these means we raise the temperature developed by the combustion of the coke, it is clear that we increase the proportion of the total heat which is available for this critical work in exactly the way in which we should increase the proportion of the water of a stream, initially too in.
This diversion may be unwelcome, but it is inevitable for the two simple reasons that the wonderful improvements in agriculture decrease the number of men needed to raise a given quantity of food, i.e.
From the internal, as distinct from the international, aspect, the absolute quantity of money, supposed as of fixed amount, in a country, is of no consequence, while a quantity larger than is required for the interchange of commodities is injurious, as tending to raise prices and to drive foreigners from the home markets.
Its inundations, dangerous even at Cracow, become still more so in the plain, when the accumulations of ice in its lower course obstruct the outflow, or the heavy rains in the Carpathians raise its level.
Were there no evaporation, this would raise the surface of the sea 51 ft.
They also, by heaping up the water at the one end of the sea or the other, raise the level temporarily and locally to the extent of 4 to 8 ft.
The king being dead, and the royalist cause appearing to be hopelessly lost, he did not scruple, in closing the work with a general " Review and Conclusion," to raise the question of the subject's right to change allegiance when a former sovereign's power to protect was irrecoverably gone.
But in what that vividness (ivap-yaaa) consists is a question which Epicurus does not raise, and which he would no doubt have deemed superfluous quibbling over a matter sufficiently settled by common sense.
But it often happens that, although there is sufficient rainfall to raise an inferior crop, there is not enough to raise a more valuable one.
All along the Nile banks from morning to night may be seen brown-skinned peasants working these shadi fs, tier above tier, so as to raise the water 15 or 16 ft.
With one such water-wheel a pair of oxen can raise water any height up to 18 ft., and keep from 5 to 12 acres irrigated throughout an Egyptian summer.
Thus the whole system broke down, the barrage was pronounced a failure, and attention was turned to watering Lower Egypt by a system of gigantic pumps, to raise the water from the river and discharge it into a system of shallow surface-canals, at an annual cost of about £250,000, while the cost of the pumps was estimated at £700,000.
It should also be noticed that on the higher strip bordering the river it is the custom to take advantage of its nearness to raise water by pumps, or other machinery, and thereby to grow valuable crops of sugar-cane, maize or vegetables.
This has now been rectified, in the same way as in Lower Egypt, by the construction of a weir across the Nile, intended to Assiut give complete control over the river and to raise the Weir water-surface 8.2 ft.
These works, as well as that in Lower Egypt, are intended to raise the water-surface above it, and to control the distribution of its supply, but in Storage.
It had been at first intended to raise the dam to a height which would have involved the submergence, for some months of every year, of the Philae temples, situated on an island just upstream of the dam.
In 1907, however, it was decided to carry out the plan as originally proposed and raise the dam 26 ft.
The population is backward, and the black soil is of a nature that in ordinary years can raise fair crops of cotton, millet and maize without artificial watering.
In 1193 he returned to England to raise the king's ransom.
From all these circumstances it curiously happened that the sovereign who did more than almost any other to raise the royal power, was also the sovereign who, more than any other, wrought its decay.
Unable himself to raise and equip a strong army, and restive at his dependence on the League, Ferdinand gladly accepted Wallensteins offer to put an army into the field at no cost to himself.
In 1787 he was authorized to raise a patriotic legion to help the Dutch against the stadtholder William IV.
The minister of finance had to lay before them the common budget, but they could not raise money or vote taxes; after they had passed the budget the money required had to be provided by the separate parliaments.
The bank by its charter had the sole right of issuing notes, but during the war of 1866 the government, in order to raise money, had;itself issued notes (Staatsnoten) to the value of 312 million gulden, thereby violating the charter of the bank.
The effect of these laws has been to raise Croatian to equality with Italian.
In the vicinity of the rivers Benue, Faro and Kebbi, the people, who are good agriculturists, raise cereals and other crops, while on the plateaus stock-raising forms the chief pursuit of the inhabitants.
In the autumn the League resolved to raise -100,000; an appeal was made to the agricultural interest by great meetings in the farming counties, and in November The Times startled the world by declaring, in a leading article, "The League is a great fact.
Then, to raise funds for the cause, he returned to America; his fervid appeals enabled him to collect about $60,000, which he spent on provisions and clothing, and he established a relief depot near Aegina, where he started works for the refugees, the existing quay, or American Mole, being built in this way.
The man selected for the post of first high commissioner was Colonel - afterwards better known as Sir Frederick - Lugard, who had conducted one of the Royal Niger company's most successful expeditions into the western portion of the interior and had already been employed by the British government to raise and organize the West African Frontier Force.
The right to raise loans had been granted to the khedive Ismail in 1873, but was taken away in 1879 by the firman appointing Tewfik khedive.
The sirdar made an attempt to raise a battaliQn of Albanians, but the few men obtained mutinied when ordered to proceed to the Sudan, and it was deemed advisable, after the ringleaders had been executed, to abandon the idea, and rely on blacks to stiffen the fellahin.
Since that fatal day, however, many of the fellahin have shown they are capable of devoted condUct, and much has been done to raise in the soldiers a sense of selfrespect, and, in spite of centuries of oppression, of veracity.
Unfortunately famine compelled the garrison of Kassala to capitulate on the 3oth of July of that year, and Osman Digna hurried there from Tamai to raise a force with which to meet the Abyssinian general, Ras Alula, who was preparing for its relief.
At last, in the spring of 1822, after a prolonged siege in his island fortress at Iannina, which even the outbreak of the Greek revolt had not served to raise, the intrepid old man was forced to sue for terms. He asked and received an interview with Khurshid, was received courteously and dismissed with the most friendly assurances.
Toxic doses of atropine - and therefore of belladonna - raise the temperature several degrees.
Still later, he was induced by the machinations of some of the prelates who haunted his court, and by the influence of Theodora, herself much interested in theological questions, and more than suspected of Monophysitism, to raise a needless, mischievous, and protracted controversy.
But it also goes on to raise the question whether the making of reality for our knowledge does not, in view of the essentially practical nature of knowledge, imply also a real making of reality by us, and so throw light upon the whole genesis of reality.
Returning to England to raise money for a fresh crusade, he was received with great state in London; but his acceptance of the cardinalate had weakened his position and Gloucester refused to recognize his legatine commission.
Again, while Conjugatae may be shut out from Chlorophyceae as an independent group co-ordinate with them in rank, the Characeae constitute so aberrant a group that it has even been proposed to raise them as Charophyta to the dignity of a main division co-ordinate with Thallophyta.
Besides these there is a fever hospital, erected by Lord John George Beresford; a college, which Primate Robinson was anxious to raise to the rank of a university; a public library founded by him, an observatory, which has become famous from the efficiency of its astronomers; a number of churches and schools, and barracks.
A truce till 1354 was arranged between England, France and Scotland, while the country strove to raise the royal ransom, and David, who preferred English ways to those of his own kingdom, acknowledged Edward III.
The most probable explanation is that Gowrie laid, with the utmost secrecy, a plot to lure James to Perth, kidnap him there, transport him to Fastcastle, a fortress of the profligate and intriguing Logan of Restalrig, on the Berwickshire coast, and then raise the Presby- terian party.
As an " Engager " he had seen his country conquered by English arms. His policy was to keep Scotland in good humour by restoring presbytery; to raise in the country a militia strong enough to support Charles against the English parliament, and thus, in both countries, to make the royal prerogative absolute.
These powers include direct taxation within the province in order to raise revenue for provincial purposes and the control of municipalities and other local bodies, and of " elementary education " - which embraces all education other than university.
In consequence Boigne was allowed to raise two further brigades of disciplined infantry, and made commander-in-chief of Sindhia's army.
In April 1643 the parliamentary forces attacked it, but had to raise the siege, as Lord Derby began to set the town on fire.
The warning to the nation sounded by the Baptist, that God could raise up a new family for Abraham, is heard again and again in our Lord's teaching.
Here He learned of the sickness of Lazarus, and presently He returned and came to Bethany to raise him from the dead.
In March 1920 Carranza's attempts to control Sonora against Obregon's candidacy, and the arrest of the latter charged with rebellion, led him, on escaping from Mexico City, to raise a revolt which began in Sonora under the Plan of Agua Prieta on April 9.
Good schools are numerous, and the return of emigrants and their children who have been educated in the United States, tends to raise the standard of civilization.
Many of them became martyrs for the Law, and for a time none would raise his hand to defend himself on the Sabbath if at all.
Napoleon was however compelled by the English to raise the siege.
It was mainly his powers of organization that enabled Gambetta to raise army after army to oppose the invading Germans.
The boy varied the monotony of his studies by pranks which revealed his unbalanced character, including an attempt to raise spirits with the aid of Dr Faust's Hallenzwang.
In 1855 he was sent by the imperial government to the United States in connexion with the Foreign Enlistment Act, to raise soldiers for the war in the Crimea.
After America's entrance into the war he was called upon to raise unprecedented sums of money.
Without a regular revenue no effective administration could be organized; but the attempt to raise taxes showed that it might raise the people, so that for both men and money the shah's government was still obliged to rely principally upon British aid.
They were informed that the king could raise his revenue without consulting them.
Just as two centuries earlier the Jesuits at Madura, in the extreme south, composed works in Tamil, which are still acknowledged as classical by native authors, so did the Baptist mission at Serampur, near Calcutta, first raise Bengali to the rank of a literary dialect.
The only excisable articles are intoxicants and drugs; and the avowed object of the state is to check consumption not less than to raise revenue.
Even in considerable towns, the traders and handicraftsmen almost always possess plots of land of their own, on which they raise sufficient grain to supply their families with food.
The other provinces raise and administer their own revenues, subject to the central control; they are allowed a certain proportion of the revenue to meet their own administrative charges, and so have an interest in economical expenditure.
Settimo was elected president of the government, but the administration was lacking in statesmanship, the treasury was empty, and nothing was done to raise an army.
Mazzini's approval, from Genoa, and landed at Sapri in Calabria, where he hoped to raise the flag of revolution; but.
The announcement of Peary's attainment of the North Pole in 1909 convinced Amundsen that he could not raise sufficient funds for his proposed five years' absence, and he determined to make a dash for the South Pole in order to raise money for the greater project.
The question has recently been raised by researchers.
The cutting of the Gordian knot by Austria's annexation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and by the proclamation of the independence of Bulgaria, and of Prince Ferdinand's assumption of the old title of tsar (king), threatened to raise the Eastern Question once more in its acutest form.
The thermal capacity of a body is measured by the quantity of heat required to raise its temperature one degree, and is necessarily proportional to the mass of the body for bodies of the same substance under similar conditions.
His vanity, however, as has been admirably remarked, is essentially that of " the peacock, not of the gander," and is redeemed by his willingness to raise a laugh at his own expense (Strachan-Davidson, p. 192).
The besieged were hard pressed, but the besiegers suffered by the severe winter, and were at last obliged to raise the siege.
Yazid stormed the castle and took `Adi prisoner, the public treasury fell into his hands, and he employed the money to pay his troops largely and to raise fresh ones.
On the same day Mahommed was to raise the standard of revolt in Medina, Ibrahim in Basra.
In seeking for a single material principle underlying the multiplicity of phenomena, the first nature-philosophers, Thales and the rest, did indeed raise the problem of the one and the many, the endeavour to answer which must at last lead to logic. But it is only from a point of view won by later speculation that it can be said that they sought to determine the predicates of the single subject-reality, or to establish the permanent subject of varied and varying predicates.'
When Descartes, having faithfully and successfully followed the mathematico-physical inquiry of his more strictly scientific predecessors, found himself compelled to raise the question how it was possible for him to know what in truth he seemed to know so certainly, the problem entered on a new phase.
Complex truths of reason or essence raise the problem of definition, which consists in their analysis into simpler truths and ultimately into simple - i.e.
It is easy to raise difficulties not only in regard to the detail in Hegel's development of his categories, especially the higher ones, but also in regard to the essential rhythm of his method.
The total heat of the saturated vapour at any temperature is usually defined as the quantity of heat required to raise unit mass of the liquid from any convenient zero up to the temperature considered, and then to evaporate it at that temperature under the constant pressure of saturation.
The attempt to raise a tithe for the crusade in 1189 failed, however, before a general resistance owing to an unfair assessment.
The immediate effect was to raise Perez higher than ever in the royal confidence and favour, but, wary though the secretary had been, he had not succeeded in obliterating all trace of his connexion with the crime, and very soon a prosecution was set on foot by the representatives of the murdered man.
The inhabitants raise some cattle, and Riigen has long been famous for its geese; but the only really considerable industry is fishing, - the herring-fishery being especially important.
To enlarge the area, or raise the surface-level where that was necessary, layers of logs, brushwood, heather and ferns were piled on the shallow, and consolidated with gravel and stones.
So far from attempting to raise their standard of spiritual life, or even leaving it to ordinary intercourse to gradually bring about a certain community of intellectual culture and religious sentiment, they deliberately set up artificial barriers in order to prevent their own traditional modes of worship from being contaminated with the obnoxious practices of the servile race.
Then, again, the possibility of legitimization by subsequent marriage tends to raise the rate.
About the same time, and partly stimulated by Keble's sermon, some leading spirits in Oxford and elsewhere began a concerted and systematic course of action to revive High Church principles and the ancient patristic theology, and by these means both to defend the church against the assaults of its enemies, and also to raise to a higher tone the standard of Christian life in England.
It was their professed object to raise French to a level with the classics, and to acclimatize Italian species of verse.
The thrifty and methodical habits of the French peasantry, and also the system of small holdings which prevails in France, have, there is little doubt, done much to raise the French wine industry to the pre-eminent position which it holds.
Bacon, who approved of the increased subsidy, was opposed to the short period in which it was proposed to raise it.
He suggested that it would be difficult or impossible for the people to meet such heavy demands, that discontent and trouble would arise, and that the better method of procedure was to raise money by levy or imposition.
The scheme was afterwards extended so as to take in the whole kingdom, but lost something of its voluntary character, and the means taken to raise the money, which were not what Bacon would have recommended, 5 were calculated to stir up discontent.
The general dissatisfaction received a somewhat unguarded and intemperate expression in a letter sent to the justices of Marlborough by a gentleman of the neighbourhood, named Oliver St John, 6 in which he denounced the attempt to raise funds in this way as contrary to law, reason and religion, as constituting in the king personally an act of perjury, involving in the same crime those who contributed, and thereby subjecting all parties to the curses levelled by the church at such offences.
For these are the things that use to raise dislikes abroad.
To raise funds he proclaimed, by bull of the iith of April 1389, a jubilee for every thirty-three years, but before the celebration could be held he died of injuries caused by a fall from his mule.
Cereals are grown, but the inhabitants prefer to raise such articles of produce as are in demand for export, and consequently part of the grain supply has to be imported.
The climate of northern and central Chile is profoundly affected by the high mountain barrier on the eastern frontier and by the broad treeless pampas of Argentina, which raise the easterly moisture-laden winds from the Atlantic to so high an elevation that they sweep across Chile without leaving a drop of rain.
A great preacher, orator and teacher, and a remarkably versatile scholar, McClintock by his editorial and educational work probably did more than any other man to raise the intellectual tone of American Methodism, and, particularly, of the American Methodist clergy.
Here he was enabled, through the assistance of a friend of his father, to raise a small force with which to take possession of Baku on the Caspian, and thence to march upon Shemakha in Shirvan, a town abandoned to him without a struggle.
Unfortunately, he did not boast the confidence of the queen-mother; and this circumstance greatly strengthened the hands of those enemies whom an honest minister must ever raise around him in a corrupt Oriental state.
After a futile attempt to enter Afghan territory and raise a revolt against the Amir Abdur Rahman, he gave himself up to the British consul-general at Meshed in the beginning of November, and was sent under escort to the Turkish frontier and thence via Bagdad to India.
Bishop Kennion of Bath and Wells entered into an agreement to raise a sum of £31,000, the cost of the purchase; this was completed, and the site and buildings were formally transferred at a dedicatory service in 1909 to the Diocesan Trustees of Bath and Wells, who are to hold and manage the property according to a deed of trust.
For on the one hand knowledge of the fact that nitrite of amyl lessens blood pressure has led to the successful employment of other nitrites and bodies having a similar action, and on the other the knowledge that increased blood pressure tends to cause anginal pain leads to the prohibition of any strain, any food, any exposure to cold, and also of any medicines which would unduly raise the blood pressure.
When a patient is covered with several blankets, loss of heat from the surface both by radiation and evaporation is to a great extent prevented, but if a cradle be placed over him, so as to raise the bedclothes and allow of free circulation of air around his body, both radiation and evaporation will be increased and the temperature consequently lowered.
Irritation of sensory nerves tends to cause contraction of the vessels, and to raise the blood pressure, and where pain is ffi, present opium or morphine is the most efficient sedative.
The new colonial secretary, the duke of Newcastle, reinstated him, but with instructions not again to raise the federation issue.
The central position and military security of the city naturally tended to raise it to a commanding position among the Boeotians, and from early days its inhabitants endeavoured to establish a complete supremacy over their kinsmen in the outlying towns.
In 1384 a Castilian army invested Lisbon, but encountered a heroic resistance, and after five months an outbreak of plague compelled them to raise the siege.
We must not, however, raise the upper net too much, or the system of films will become unstable.
The object in such treatment is to raise the opsonic index of the serum, this being taken as an indication of increased immunity.
It was mainly by this fortunate transaction that the governor was enabled to raise his family, which was one of old standing, to a position of wealth and political influence.
It is held by some historians that there was at the time on the part of many of the Roman nobles a determination to raise themselves to power, despite the opposition of the senate; others with "greater probability maintain that Catiline's object was simply the cancelling of the huge debts which he and his friends had accumulated.
Escaping from prison he tried to raise a revolt, but the attempt failed and to avoid capture he put an end to his life.
Having gone to England in 1792 to endeavour to raise money on her jewels, she was on her return accused before the Revolutionary Tribunal of having dissipated the treasures of the state, conspired against the republic, and worn, in London, "mourning for the tyrant."
They also proceeded to raise an armed force, the command of which was given to Count Thurn.
Along with Sir John Herschel and George Peacock he laboured to raise the standard of mathematical instruction in England, and especially endeavoured to supersede the Newtonian by the Leibnitzian notation in the infinitesimal calculus.
Livy writes as a Roman, to raise a monument worthy of the greatness of Rome, and to keep alive, for the guidance and the warning of Romans, the recollection alike of the virtues which had made Rome great and of the vices which had threatened her with destruction.
On its entering British territory a heavy duty is imposed on Malwa opium, so as to raise its price to an equality with the government article.
Nearly all his works possess genuine and solid merits which raise them above the commonplace, and many of them still remain valuable.
Edwards, however, proved a skilful pilot, and his hold on the affection of the Welsh people enabled him to raise the college to a high level of efficiency.
Lucullus, however, cut off his communications on the land side, and, aided by bad weather, forced him to raise the siege.
The state will duplicate any yearly sum between $250 and $5000 which a school district may raise to maintain a school or courses of manual training.
Sweden too was now in open revolt; and both Norway and Denmark were taxed to the uttermost to raise an army for the subjection of the sister kingdom.
After laying down his dictatorial powers, he continued to preside over the Executive Committee till the election of a regular president of the republic. It was expected that the suffrages of France would raise Cavaignac to that position.
The model cannot raise itself from the ground, but on being liberated from the hand it descends 2 ft.
The urban council are required from time to time to cause all such streets to be made up and repaired as occasion may require, and they are empowered to raise, lower or alter the soil of the street, and to place and keep in repair fences and posts for the safety of foot-passengers.
For the maintenance of the common schools each town is required (since 1905) to raise annually at least fifty-five cents per capita, exclusive of what may be received from other sources, and to this is added the proceeds of a state tax of one and a half mills on a dollar, onehalf the proceeds of the tax on savings banks, a 6% income from the permanent school fund (derived mainly from the sale of school lands), and state appropriations for the payment in part of the superintendence in towns that have united for that purpose.
It was not the custom of antiquity to raise any tumulus over graves, but Confucius resolved to innovate in the matter.
But they have not of themselves such value, that to endow an ape with the hand and vocal organs of a man would be likely to raise it through any large part of the interval that now separates it from humanity.
That processes of development similar to these were in prehistoric times effective to raise culture from the savage to the barbaric level, two considerations especially tend to prove.
At the beginning of the War of Independence he was given a major's commission to raise troops in Western Pennsylvania.
The function of the nodes is to raise again culms which have become bent down; they are composed of highly turgescent tissue, the cells of which elongate on the side next the earth when the culm is placed in a horizontal or oblique position, and thus raise the culm again to an erect position.
But the Dutch, having been surprised and beaten in the lines of Denain, where Prince Eugene had placed them at too great a distance to receive timely support in case of an attack, he was obliged to raise the siege of Landrecies, and to abandon the project which he had so long cherished.
Autumn storms raise dangerous seas.
Campbell had with him 4500 men with whom to raise a siege maintained by 60,000 trained soldiers occupying strong positions.
More jurist than theologian, John defended the rights of the papacy with rigorous zeal and as rigorous logic. For the restoration of the papacy to its old independence, which had been so gravely compromised under his immediate predecessors, and for the execution of the vast enterprises which the papacy deemed useful for its prestige and for Christendom, considerable sums were required; and to raise the necessary money John burdened Christian Europe with new taxes and a complicated fiscal system, which was fraught with serious consequences.
He had fled to Ireland a broken man, to all appearance politically extinct; a few years were to raise him once more to the summit of popularity, though power was for ever denied him.
Evidence of the antiquity of the belief in "maternal impressions" we have in Jacob placing peeled rods before Laban's cattle to induce them to bring forth "ring-straked speckled and spotted" offspring; evidence of the antiquity of the "infection" doctrine we have, according to some writers, in the practice amongst the Israelites of requiring the childless widow to marry her deceased husband's brother, that he might "raise up seed to his brother."
The widespread belief, he admitted, "may be justifiable and founded on fact," but he was careful to add that "only the confirmation of the tradition by methodical investigation, in this case by experiment, could raise telegony to the rank of a fact."
Death duties also raise the question as to their being taxes upon capital.
In October 1861 Stanton, secretary of war, ordered him north to raise troops for the expedition against Vicksburg; and early in January 1864, at Milliken's Bend, McClernand, who had been placed in command of one of the four corps of Grant's army, superseded Sherman as the leader of the force that was to move down the Mississippi.
In June of the same year the Austrian victory at Kolin obliged the Prussians to raise the siege.
The children of the sovereign other than his eldest son, though by courtesy " princes " and " princesses, " need a royal warrant to raise them de jure above the common herd; and even then, though they be dubbed " Royal Highness " in their cradles, they remain " commoners " till raised to the peerage.
But the darkest period was succeeded by the dawn of a reformation; travelling logicians were willing to maintain these against all the world; whilst here and there ascetics strove to raise themselves above the gods, and hermits earnestly sought for some satisfactory solution of the mysteries of life.
Failing to attain his object by learning the wisdom of others, and living the simple life of a student, he had devoted himself to that intense meditation and penance which all philosophers then said would raise men above the gods.
Poulain was used of a rope to let casks down into a cellar or to raise heavy weights.
This was the last time benevolences were actually collected, although in 1622 and 1625 it was proposed to raise money in this manner.
While in captivity, Atahuallpa gave secret orders for the assassination of his brother Huascar, and also endeavoured to raise an army to expel the invaders.
When she annulled all the royal acts of the last six years, declared charters forfeited and lands confiscated, and began to raise heavy and arbitrary taxes, she made the partisans of Stephen desperate, and estranged many of her own supporters.
He asserted his power to raise tallages arbitrary taxationfrom the citizens on occasion.
He visited England in 1189 only in order to be crowned, and to raise as much money for the expedition as he could procure.
Edward was not to levy an army, appoint dainers.an official, raise a tax, or quit the realm without their leave.
Edward was allowed to raise an army for the siege of Berwick, and was lying before its walls, when the Scots, turning his flank, made a fierce foray into Yorkshire, and routed the shire-levy under Archbishop Melton at the battle of Myton.
King Philip, after his experience at Crecy, refused to fight again in order to raise the siege.
The royal council and ministers showed grievous incapacity and cowardicethey made no attempt to raise an army, and opened negotiations with the rebels.
He remained in exile till January 1408, when he made a final attempt to raise rebellion in the North, and was defeated and slain at the battle of Bramham Moor.
They had planned to raise a rebellion in the name of the earl of March, in whose cause Wales and the North were to have been called to arms. But March himself refused to stir, and betrayed them to the king, who promptly beheaded them, and set sail five days later.
Between 1475 and 1483 he called only one single parliament, and that was summoned not to give him advice, or raise him money, but purely and solely to attaint his brother of Clarence, whom he had resolved to destroy.
The British parliament, he held, was the supreme legislature, and, as such, was entitled to raise taxes in America to support the military forces needed for the defence of America.
Their provisions by restricting competition naturally tended to raise freights, and by restricting employment made it difficult for shipowners to man their vessels.
Thence to the Huallaga the elevation of the land is somewhat greater; but not until this river is passed, and the Pongo de Manseriche approached, does the swelling ground of the Andean foot-hills raise the country above flood-level.
People have been asking ever since how the penniless man of letters was able to raise so large a sum in the first instance, and how he was able to keep up a respectable establishment afterwards.
In 1830 appeared the first edition of his well-known Elements of Arithmetic, which did much to raise the character of elementary training.
It would, however, be impossible by such means to raise the receiving body to a higher temperature than the source of radiation.
For it is easy to see that if, by means of lenses of rock-salt or mirrors, we focused all or nearly all the rays from a small surface on to another surface of equal area, this would not raise the temperature of the second surface above that of the first; and we could not obtain a greater concentration of rays from a large heated surface, since we could not have all parts of the surface simultaneously in focus.
The English held it for ten years, and it was in order to raise the Scottish siege in 1314 that Edward II.
Holmes (1804-1880), who hoped to raise the siege of Vicksburg or close the river to the Union forces.
The Muses carried off the second prize in 405, Aristophanes being first with the Frogs, in which he accuses Phrynichus of employing vulgar tricks to raise a laugh, of plagiarism and bad versification.
The extortions by which he sought to raise money for his extravagant pleasures excited a rising known as that of the arme Konrad (poor Conrad), not unlike the rebellion in England led by Wat Tyler; order was soon restored, and in 1514 by the treaty of Tubingen the people undertook to pay the duke's debts in return for various political privileges, which in effect laid the foundation of the constitutional liberties of the country.
After a severe defeat at Cholet on the 6th of October the Royalists determined to cross the Loire and raise Brittany and Anjou, where the Chouans, or Royalist partisans, were already stirring.
Thus the prescriptions of good taste in the expression of feeling may be summed up in the principle, " reduce or raise.
In the midst of these difficulties Parma received orders to abandon the task on which he had spent himself for so many years, and to raise the siege of Paris, which was blockaded by Henry IV.
Its people are agriculturists and raise Indian corn, sibucao, hemp, cacao and coffee.
The Druids were believed to have the power to render a person insane by flinging a magic wisp of straw in his face, and they were able to raise clouds of mist, or to bring down showers of fire and blood.
The king was busy with the French, but gladly seized the opportunity, and gave Dermod a letter authorizing him to raise forces in England.
One result of this nationalist revival was the unsuccessful attempt made between 1814 and 1830 to raise the Cakavci dialect to the rank of a distinctive literary language for CroatiaSlavonia; but the Illyrist movement of 1840 led to the adoption of the Stokavci, which was already the vernacular of the majority of Serbo-Croats.
The angels fell through pride - through desire to raise themselves to equality with God; man fell by lowering himself to the level of nature.
But he was also the severe and capable administrator who during years of hard work at the admiralty did more than any other to raise the navy from the state of corruption and indiscipline into which it had fallen during the first half of the eighteenth century.
Moreover the phrase "this law" is so ambiguous as to raise a much greater difficulty than that caused by the Greek mistranslation of the Hebrew word for "copy."
Training walls have been built on either side of the channel to confine the water so as to raise its level; that on the right bank having a width of 19 ft.
Their presence was due to the fact that the king had need of their co-operation to raise money by grants and aids.
The king a prisoner, the dauphin discredited and deserted, and the nobility decimated, The states the peoplethat is to say, the states-generalcould 1356 raise their voice.
Determined in her faith and proud in her meekness, in opposition to the timid counsels of the military leaders, to the interested delays of the courtiers, to the scruples of the experts and the quarrelling of the doctors, she quoted her voices, who had, she said, commissioned her to raise the siege of Orleans and to conduct the gentle dauphin to Reims, there to be crowned.
But after having tried to seize Paris (as later Rouen) by a coup-de-main, he was obliged to raise the siege in view of reinforcements sent to Mayenne by the duke of Parma.
Beam was the pretext for a rising among the Protestants, who had remained loyal during these troublous years; and although the military organization of French Protestantism, arranged by the assembly of La Rochelle, had been checked in 1621, by the defection of most of the reformed nobles, like Bouillon and Lesdiguires, de Luynes had to raise the disastrous siege of Montauban.
Richelieu contrived to raise hope in the minds of all.
Peace and order helped to raise the standard of comfort.
He spent ten months (July 1474 - June 1475) in besieging the little town of Neuss on the Rhine, but was compelled by the approach of a powerful imperial army to raise the siege.
More important is the law according to which a presentation freed from inhibition and rising anew into consciousness tends to raise the other presentations with which it is combined.
Although he had no desire to raise the theological issue, it must be admitted that, the discussion once set on foot, he threw himself into it with characteristic impetuosity, and thus helped to precipitate a decision which it was his interest to avert.
Another feature of the period of reconstruction was the formation of numerous trusts or combinations of producing companies designed to take advantage of the high tariff, and to restrict competition, lower expenses an d raise prices.
The majority of Spaniards were kept by the government and the press quite in the dark about the growth of disaffection in Cuba, so that they were loath to listen to the few men, soldiers and civilians, courageous enough to raise the note of alarm during the ten years before the final catastrophe.
The British Bee- keepers' keepers' Association (instituted in 1874) has been associa- untiring in its efforts to raise the standard of efficiency bons.
The estates of Languedoc, summoned to Toulouse, also made protests against misgovernment, but they agreed to raise a war-levy on terms to which the dauphin acceded.
Their demands were more moderate than in the preceding year, but they nominated members to replace certain obnoxious persons on the royal council, demanded the right to assemble without the royal summons, and certain administrative reforms. In return they promised to raise and finance an army of 30,000 men, but the money - a tithe levied on the annual revenues of the clergy and nobility - voted for this object was not to pass through the dauphin's hands.
On the conclusion of peace King John was restored to France, but, being unable to raise his ransom, he returned in 1364 to England, where he died in April, leaving the crown to Charles, who was crowned at Reims on the 19th of May.
Here General Herkimer began his advance to raise the siege of Fort Schuyler (1777), and subsequently Ilion was the rendezvous of Benedict Arnold's force during the same campaign.
His ideal society was "a natural and spiritual theocracy," in which God would raise up men of mark and endowment, who would regard themselves strictly as "divine commissioners" to guide the people.
Persian tradition has it that Ardashir (either Artaxerxes of the old Persian kings or Ardashir of the Sassanians) built the first dike across the river in order to raise the water of the river to the level of the Darian canal.
With Henry Stafford, duke of Buckingham, and others he attempted to raise a rebellion against Richard III.
One of the conditions of the grant was that within six months Pizarro should raise a sufficiently equipped force of two hundred and fifty men, of whom one hundred might be drawn from the colonies; as he could not make up his due complement he sailed clandestinely from San Lucar in January 1J 3 o.
Dinwiddie's administration was marked by a constant wrangle with the assembly over money matters; and its obstinate resistance to military appropriations caused him in 1754 and 1755 to urge the home government to secure an act of parliament compelling the colonies to raise money for their protection.
The advocate now took a bold step. He proposed that the States of Holland should, on their own authority, as a sovereign province, raise a local force of 4000 men (waardgelders) to keep the peace.
The latter gradually advanced eastwards, and approaching the important city of Shanghai, alarmed the European inhabitants, who subscribed to raise a mixed force of Europeans and Manila men for the defence of the town.
In 1076 Philip forced him to raise the siege of Dol in Brittany.
The first recorded instance of the Stdnde co-operating with the rulers occurred in 1170; but it was not till 1280 that the margrave solemnly bound himself not to raise a bede or special voluntary contribution without the consent of the estates.
The nobles and prelates generally preferred to raise their share of the revenue by the old method of a bede, or contribution, thus weakening the remaining bond between them and the burghers.
Kant does not, in this place, raise the question as to the reason for assuming that the arbitrary syntheses of mathematical construction have any reference to reality.
He was on Governer John Letcher's advisory committee of three voting to raise the Merrimack and he became the head of coast, harbour and river defences.
On the decease of Filippo Maria Visconti in 1447 he joined the Aragonese against Venice and Florence; but, presently changing his flag, fought valiantly against Alphonso of Aragon and forced him to raise the siege of Piombino.
The inhabitants raise potatoes, oats, cattle and horses, and these, with dairy produce, form the bulk of the trade.
Are you saying we should raise our children poor?
However, Mr Medena didn't raise Alex.
Neither Howie nor I could raise the three on either Betsy's or Julie's cell phone.
I'm taking my sister and going to the Sanctuary, where I'll raise our child without you.
She had no idea how to be a single mother in the real world, let alone in a world as unforgiving as the Immortal one.  She'd proven she couldn't raise Toby without a bottle of vodka permanently glued to her hand.  Rhyn had been exiled for his mixed origins, and she'd never been especially welcomed by anyone but Gabe and Toby.  If something happened to Rhyn or if she couldn't leave here â€¦ Panicking made her already surging hormones worse.  She felt nauseous.
You would discover it while I raise an army able to push northward and southward with Tiyan as the base.
It was time for him to settle down with some nice girl and raise a family like his father had.
They hold disdain for ordinary people who want to raise their living standards.
They looked to the immense private wealth of the temple, rather than raise money for civil projects by taxation.
Particular attention will be given to strategies most likely to help raise achievement in the school.
Hence consumption of food rich in saturated fatty acids would raise cholesterol levels concurrently.
Townshend's intention of using customs dues to raise revenue exploited what most politicians thought was American acquiescence in ' external ' taxation.
Just playing devil's advocate to raise a bit of honest debate.
He has allowed any member to raise a concern regarding the contents of any particular message without causing a direct affront to the individual.
Another way to help with string algae is to raise your salt level in the pond.
For that reason, the need to raise the information ante has become a matter of urgency.
Originally the ECR had obtained Parliamentary approval to raise the capital to build a railroad from London to Norwich via Ipswich.
It embodies an almost aristocratic disdain for ordinary people who want to raise their living standards.
Designed with square armholes to raise the shoulder seam.
This project has helped to raise the personal aspirations of the contact person.
Together with guest auctioneer Jeffrey Archer they helped raise a tremendous £ 200,000 on the night.
How to raise money for your company - by holding a celebrity autograph auction.
However they still managed to raise a smile through their onstage banter.
Once out at sea, the crew seemed to be taking a very long time to raise her fully battened mainsails.
Dialysis patients advised to use bicarbonate to raise the pH of the dialysis water.
How to raise the profile of your small business Posted July 3, 2006 NB!
Physical exercise not only influences body weight by burning calories, it also helps raise your BMR by building extra lean tissue.
The second objective is to raise awareness of the condition, which can be detected with an electro cardiogram (ECG ).
During the evening Malcolm Lee helped raise funds by drawing caricatures of some of the guests.
I need to raise some cash, which means selling some things, probably on ebay.
What was to raise it to the crest of the wave was the astonishing decision to rebuild the whole cathedral.
A nice view or filthy bacon cheeseburger was often enough to raise her spirits.
Some amusing quotes designed to raise a hearty chuckle have been included.
The code need only be observed if the additional material will raise the classification category of the work beyond previously classified versions.
Each year the choir performs numerous concerts, often helping charity groups to raise funds In addition we hold several social events each year.
The funding of the proposal will be by a private sector concessionaire, who will raise funds on the money markets.
I am firmly convinced that the union of the two nations will considerably raise the standard of living of both parts.
The best way to raise the Black Spanish fowl is to go late in the evening and raise coop and all.
You pull the arm down and then raise it pulling the cork out of the bottle.
The money countdown continues, now only £ 3000 to raise and 5 months to do it!
All the above makes for an expansive independent label that possesses courage in their convictions and a determination to raise underground awareness.
Through this we aim to create a critical mass to raise London's profile as a design capital.
I doubt we can raise the full £ 60,000 but I do think we can make a massive dent in it.
But the tunable diffraction grating could raise it by about 100 percent.
In comparison invoice discounters help companies raise capital against the debts owed.
The Department of Health today launched a new campaign to raise public awareness about the need for egg and sperm donation.
Auction donations are an everyday way to raise money, complementing your current fundraising efforts.
The donation of good as new clothing and other goods (including electrical) to be sent to Romania to raise funds.
If it all gets too energetic, you could always do a hiking pub crawl and raise a glass to the virgin huntress.
This two-year project (2001-2003) aimed to raise awareness about managing staff-related equality and diversity issues in higher education.
The school worked very hard to raise the self esteem of students through effective partnerships with the Business World.
It is also Perl's exception trapping mechanism, where the die operator is used to raise exceptions.
Such transfers may also raise issues under the prohibition on collective expulsion.
In August 2003, Michelle was the inspiration behind a hugely successful fashion extravaganza, which helped raise £ 110,000 for local charities.
They also spoke about engaging in crime to raise money for Islamic extremism.
The results are likely to raise a few eyebrows.
There was a small problem, however, how to raise the money for the ferry boat fare.
Pharmacological doses of n-3 fatty acids can lower triglyceride levels but have also been shown to raise LDL cholesterol levels in people with diabetes.
Also, certain conditions can raise serum ferritin for reasons unrelated to clinical iron status.
The entire event is run in aid of the cystic fibrosis Trust with each runner pledging to raise a minimum of £ 300.
Can I raise finance in the UK on these assets?
The sum is expected to raise a further £ 46 million of private sector finance.
Running, cycling, swimming etc can all raise your aerobic fitness.
You can pay a fiver each for the privilege, raise money from the general public or both!
To raise funds, for what was in fact a failing company, the NEB sold the still fledgling Newbrain project to Newbury Laboratories.
The tower is an eighteenth century folly built in an effort to raise the height of the hill to 1000ft.
The Derwent Trust prepared for legal action and started a fighting fund to raise £ 20,000 at the IWA National Rally.
A dedicated fundraiser, Stuart also organized charity events to raise money.
The balance comes from public, private and corporate fundraising by the JST but there is still £ 4 million to raise.
This year to help raise money for our annual swimming gala, we are having a sponsored distance swim.
Phenytoin may also raise the serum glucose level in diabetic patients.
The Agency plans to raise funds from a mixture of increased charges, external funding and increased grant-in-aid.
It is easy to have an accident on slippery rocks, and barnacles can raise a nasty graze.
Warm compost promotes the rapid germination of most herb seeds and is particularly useful for gardeners who raise their plants in an unheated greenhouse.
Nick could raise a grievance about the way he has been treated.
One particular occasion, feeling a bit groggy from an evening ashore, my friend offered to raise it for me.
There are around 40 different groups using the website to compete for fun or to raise funds this season.
The hardworking PTFA helped to raise the money for the excellent outdoor fitness area which has proven to be very popular at school playtimes.
There isn't enough room to mention the plethora of events that RAG does to raise money for charity.
My aim is not to standardize or evaluate the differences, but to raise questions about the values and belief of cultural plurality.
The Prince only played polo to raise money for charity.
Many intelligent people (and people who like to sound intelligent) use the phrase "That begs the question" to mean that a situation raises a question. After all, questions need answers, so aren't they "begging" for an answer? Not in this case. Begging the question refers to making a faulty argument — and if you can recognize this fallacy, you're less likely to fall for it.
Words near raise in the Dictionary.
[You] raise your hands.
You raise some resources.
[You] raise your hands.
[You] raise your left hand.
[You] raise your right hand.
[You] raise your hands.
That would also raise problems.
You gonna raise racehorses?
There are details that raise concern.
You raise the issue of refugees.
They rightly raise a number of questions.
And raise it all the way up.
They just have to raise their hands.
Europe must raise its voice.
You can't raise money.
We raise it in relation to our partners and we have raised it, and will raise it again, in relation to China.
I wish to raise five points.
and second, please raise your hands.
This situation must raise a few questions.
I wanted to raise the following matter.
It may, however, raise some questions.
You did not want to raise it.
Can you just raise the hand?
[You] raise your hand if you do.
I have two points to raise.
First, it will raise its international profile.
I was not the first to raise this question.
I will raise that matter with the President.
I wanted to raise that problem in this context.
It is certainly a matter that we regularly raise.
That will only raise illusions and create frustration.
It is also useful to raise your hand.
There is another issue that I want to raise.
I will therefore not raise the matter again.
However, there are three points to raise in this connection.
In that context, we raise the issue of subsidiarity.
I would like to raise three issues.
I would like to raise two issues.
Let me raise two specific issues.
I would like to raise two points.
We would like to raise three issues.
Please raise your hand high right now.
Those who are against, raise your hands.
[You] raise your hand if you see dolphins.
And why does exchange raise living standards?
[You] raise your hand if you think you know.
I should like to raise one point.
Even Father can 't raise their spirits.
How can someone homeless raise a child?
Seriously, if you have a calculator with you, raise your hand, raise your hand.
And that is a question worth raising, and I shall always be willing to raise it.
The issue which you raise is a very serious one.
Demand will raise prices and prices give a boost to cultivation.
Lastly, allow me to raise a few specific questions.
Finally, I should like to raise the matter of the Eurobarometer.
You will have the opportunity to raise the matter then.
The problem you raise goes a step further.
I would like briefly to raise another issue.
Mr President, I wish to raise a point of order.
The only way to raise such standards is to continue dialogue.
For example: how much would each proposal raise?
I hope you will raise that point with the Commission.
Secondly, I would like to raise the issue of transparency.
These issues need to be discussed in order to raise awareness.
There is one other point I should like to raise.
Mr Eisma would like to raise a point of order.
I would, however, like to raise two points.
This would also raise the EU's standing in the world.
There has always been an excuse not to raise an issue.
I raise this point because it is an extremely interesting point.
I would also raise the question of portfolio straddling.
I wish to raise a point of order, Madam President.
I should like to raise another point in this connection.
I would raise two points with the rapporteur.
I should like to raise questions on the social criteria.
Finally, I should like to raise the subject of funding.
I should like to raise two points with him.
In principle, this objective does not raise any major objections.
Thus, I shall raise the more general concern.
Could you raise the issue of this law enforcement?
Secondly, our directive would raise the status of their profession.
I wish to raise two concerns of my own.
The point which you raise is perfectly correct.
How many cases do we need to raise?
A second issue I would like to raise is energy.
Madam President, I wish to raise a procedural motion.
This is the first point which I wanted to raise.
Traffic accidents always raise a lot of questions.
We will continue to raise Tibet with the Chinese authorities.
There is one final issue I would like to raise.
May I also venture to raise the matter of peat?
Do please raise this issue at the intergovernmental conference.
We will certainly raise the point made by the honourable Member.
We will raise that problem, too, in the representations we make.
Thirdly, I raise the problem faced by Scotch whisky.
There is a second issue I would like to raise.
Mr Buttiglione wishes to raise a point of order.
Mr Speroni wishes to raise a point of order.
In my opinion, we should raise the standard for ourselves.